>> Estelle Weyl: So
can you stop an animation?
Yes, you can.
On hover, it says right there,
:pencil:hover animation-play-state:paused.
So you can just play the catch the pencil
game, it's not actually that fun.
So the two values are paused and
running, which is why that
naming a function running,
naming an animation running is a problem.
And here is the game catch the pencil.
And just to show that I'm hovering
over it, I've made it green.
Okay, in terms of the animation,
the api within the css specification.
There is an animation
api which is different.
There are some events that
happen that you could capture.
There is the animationstart,
animationend and animationiteration.
The animationstart occurs
when the animation starts,
the animationends when the animation ends.
And the animationiteration happens at
the end of every iteration, except for
if it's at the exact same time as the
animation end, then it will not be thrown.
So if you start an animation
three-quarters of the way through
the animation,
you will get the animation end.
But if you do exactly one animation,
you'll never get an animation iteration.
Or if you stop at a point nine,
you will never get an animation.
So, one of the things you can do because
of that issue that I talked about,
it being the last thing on the UI
thread is you can start an animation.
If you need to sequential animations,
you can start the second animation
after the first one ends by actually doing
an event on the animation and event.
You can remove a class and
re-add the class.
All right, that's actually how I
sometimes reiterate once but you want to,
if you do a classroom move and
a class re-add at the same time,
that's almost time for the browser
to realize that the animation was,
the class was added or
removed at the same time.
And so there's not enough time
to restart the animation.
So I put 100 milliseconds, I think
you probably do five milliseconds and
it would work.
So here, we're gonna just open this up.
We're gonna open up the console and
we're gonna see that,
all you see is it looks like it's blue.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
then it looks like it's green.
>> Estelle Weyl: And then,
it's gonna look like it's red.
>> Estelle Weyl: And the reason is,
the blue one is the one that you see on
top right cuz it's the last one to clear?
But it lasts nine seconds cuz it's
three seconds times three iterations,
that's nine seconds.
The green one lasts 16 seconds cuz there's
four iterations of four seconds each and
the red one shows last,
because it lasts a total of 25 seconds.
But you have three animation starts,
cuz they all started.
Then you have five animation iterations,
before the animation end of the blue.
Then you have another three,
before the animation end of the green.
And then you have one more animation
iteration of the red before it
ends five seconds later.
So that's the events.